for the next seven days next seven days
only they continue to be Cam and
Mitchell on the great and soon to be
miss show Modern Family the series
finale airs next Wednesday night here on
ABC please say hello to Eric Stonestreet
and Jesse Tyler Ferguson hey guys I like
your new looks I like my haircut
yeah it looks better in person it's very
Tiger King I like it why are you guys
not quarantined together I thought you
were married the TV show Jimmy oh oh but
we're on TV this doesn't make any sense
to me I'm confused it reminds me Jessie
can talk talk about this too when people
would see us out together Eric & Jessie
out together how their minds would just
explode seeing Mitch and cam actually
together in person how Jessie are you
and your husband Justin getting along in
quarantine you've been how long have you
been cooped up together private about 16
days now you know I I'm a homebody
anyways I like to I like to cook I like
I'm sort of an introvert so this is sort
of fulfilling a lot of my secret desires
for Justin he likes to get out and do
things I'm making him you know load the
dishwasher something that I usually just
need you to load the dishwasher and he
he did it when the first time he did it
he looked at me to the calories the
worst thing I've ever had to do really
that was the worst thing he's ever had
to do Eric how are you passing the time
there at home uh you know I'm doing
pretty good I also like to cook so I've
been grilling a lot defrosting some meat
in the freezer as you know that I I'm
always good on meat there's never a
problem with me and eat so I'm
defrosting some meat and good use of
that I've been to
jump roping really yeah um well I get uh
well you know what it felt really good
to do it and then I could not bend over
for two days after I guess just roping
because you know like look I'm I'm not
I'm not that physically active but I get
out and do things obviously but jumping
rope was for as long as I did it for as
many reps as I did was I should have
ramped up to that number it was it was
excruciating the next couple it's funny
because it seems like something that
like little kids do at the beginning of
Sesame Street but when you jump you get
up to like 30 if you can and you realize
that that's no joke there's a reason
Muhammad Ali did it yes absolutely in
tip-top shape still jump rope so
somebody that's not in tip-top shape
ramping up just quickly to three hundred
four hundred reps of jump rope not a
good idea
so listen first before we get to this
because it is April Fool's Day and we
have something very special to present
but I do want to mention the charity
each night I make a donation to a
charity and you guys pick the charity
and what you oh I see you're getting
serious now
I've ever been on your show without a
professional hair person yeah and so
what charity have you guys picked so to
cope in nineteen Relief Fund for Saginaw
actors yep
sag after actors people think all actors
are wealthy and that's absolutely not
true there are many actors or just
barely getting by and this is a fund to
help those people out yeah and we
appreciate you making the donation Jimmy
you know we love doing your show
regardless so you chipping in you guys
is it this money is not going to the two
of you this is not yes
No so we're anxious we're very excited
to be able to chip in to the SAG and
after a relief on there so thank you for
doing that and if people would like to
be a part of that we put the website
address right there on the television
screen for your convenience now let's
talk about pranks Eric you do a lot of
stuff to Jesse correct I have done a
fair amount of pranks to jesse some
small some very small some medium and
some some bigger pranks along the 11
years that we've been associated yes
Jesse what stands out in your mind when
you think back on all the terrible
things that Eric's done to you well I
mean first of all I think you know Eric
it only does it to me because he loves
me myself there's been so many there
he's written I were at a location we
were at a very dusty location and he
wrote on the back of my car with his
finger I'm the redhead from Modern
Family in the dust and I drove all the
way home without written on the back of
my car that's pretty good that's
harmless so knowing your history that
we've discussed on the show the pranks
that Eric has pulled on you we teamed up
with you Jesse to get Eric back yes and
well that's not exactly how it went you
guys have not seen this correct no I
haven't seen it all right well let's
take a look at together the last days on
the set of Modern Family Eric
Stonestreet versus Jesse Tyler Ferguson
for the past 11 years on Modern Family
eric has been pranking me and I have
never been able to get him back we're
wrapping the show in a week I have very
little time so I'm so grateful Jimmy
that you're helping me get Eric and the
most epic way possible we're gonna hook
a forklift up to his trailer well he's
still in it and then
we're gonna hit him with this at the end
a little rainbow confetti he's in a
wardrobe fitting right now so we've put
cameras into his dressing room and then
when he gets back we're just gonna
remove this trailer from set I'm so
excited so Jesse Tyler Ferguson thinks
he's pranking me today no no he's not
though I'm pranking him he's sitting in
an earthquake simulator that we're apt
to look just like a trailer and we're
gonna get in with a what'd he say 7.0
it's a double cross here we go ruff I'm
gonna son see I hope you don't feel like
making out and deciding to have like a
little like you know afternoon
rendezvous he's gonna be complaining
about something
it's completing playing something bad
[Music]
I was getting so agitated down there and
then that's like at the same time I got
something like running through me you
have something running through you you
he's about diarrhea did you go
did I go to the I can't help it
here's about the secret of the bathroom
step out for just a minute okay move it
go ahead move it now moving out so
moving
did you guys get that you okay I'm fine
[Music]
was that really enough quick
oh no when you're talking about diarrhea
yeah that is an earthquake simulator no
it's not that's a real live earthquake
you just went through that trailers they
wrap that trailer so you thought it was
just a normal trailer but that's a
real-life earthquake simulator we even
on this everybody was at quits everybody
where did he go
hey come back he's probably really mad
and you were acting so scared you were
all terrible people did you know
everyone knew everybody was so excited
to get out
I was watching you all day today knowing
I told him you would protect me in every
way and if I started doing something too
embarrassing cut it off
Thank You Jimmy Kimmel you Jimmy Jesse
it was a so oh my gosh
that's what people are allowed to be in
a trailer together well you're both very
welcome do you ever want to get back
next is my answers like I just don't
have the time or the energy to do that
so you've all said that you're gonna do
this for me I was like this is great
it's gonna be epic
I just have to show up it's all set up
for me I was so excited and that's the
point I cannot believe this turn Graham
on me no that's it sometimes that's how
it goes so now next week on Wednesday is
the finale of Modern Family we'll see
you guys back that night we're gonna
have the whole cast on for a special
cast show unfortunately not all together
but we'll piece everybody together
virtually all right yeah that's gonna be
great day and thank you Jimmy and thank
you for not triple crossing me because I
was concerned the whole time that this
was gonna eventually never no you never
relax thank you gentlemen
that's Eric Stonestreet and Jesse Tyler
Ferguson the finale of Modern Family is
on Wednesday night